feat(k8s): cyclonedx kbom support (#4557)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/target/kubernetes.md

[operator]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/
[crd]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/
[trivy-operator]: https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy-operator/latest

> ## SBOM
> 
> Trivy supports the generation of Kubernetes Bill of Materials (KBOM) for kubernetes cluster control plane components, node components and addons.
> 
> ### Generation
> 
> Trivy can generate KBOM in cyclonedx format for kubernetes cluster core components .
> See [here](../supply-chain/sbom.md) for the detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## KBOM
KBOM, Kubernetes Bill of Materials, is a manifest of all the important components that make up your Kubernetes cluster – Control plane components, Node Components, and Addons, including their versions and images. Which “api-server” version are you currently running? Which flavor of “kubelet” is running on each node? What kind of etcd or storage are you currently using? And most importantly – are there any vulnerabilities known to affect these components? These are all questions that KBOM can help you answer.

Trivy can generate KBOM in CycloneDX format:

```sh
trivy k8s cluster --format cyclonedx
```

```

Reviewer: needs some more documentation if we have it: examples, supported platforms, limitation, etc.
